okay well okay show me how would you sit
down my bathroom okay we're gonna have a
doctor concession enticing scene
okay I'm going to talk about is the talk
other day we are going to talk about
flat because we are nuts and whores we
are and we just what tell you stop
calling it best way I knew leo
okay so who should we talk about hmm
let's just say that we hate this girl
and skinned our last nurse because she's
telling everyone that we're sluts and
we're bored we have sex every day
yeah but the truth could and hi I am
what because I almost had sex yeah so
we're just using telling you out there
right now that we don't even get call up
with everyone but yeah